what's going on everyone minus Madison
welcome back to how not to be balanced
about the season which we going about
spot play a few games if we win that's
fantastic if not allege told you guys
not to a balanced pot in today's episode
we have the second episode with the
elite force easiest team if you remember
last up so we actually got three
victories and then in this series where
I only usually do one paddle one battle
/ / video we got three victories most
because someone forfeited like right at
the start um someone forfeited like near
the end of the battle because he knew
his when I burned his gyarados and
we beat someone who looked like they
have an in-game team so it looks like
this team is gonna be pretty effective
hours gonna search went about right now
and we can see how we do how we do when
are we glue what am I talking about
we're gonna see how we glue right now
but while we're searching for a bottle
if you want to go and tivities have your
comment down in the comment section
below what yeah what themes you would
like to use in these series in the
future oh my god i butchered that I'm
sorry it would leave a like on this
video I'll be absolutely music as well
if we can have that like electrum
absolute best to make sure those two
videos for you guys on the daily but we
have a challenger here and he has quite
an interesting little team this is this
is different I like this I like this is
it different we have a Toros in goodra a
golf to tell a bayonet a galvan shot and
a frost last I almost forgot the name of
that book one for a second there but we
have a frost loss as well um so I guess
I guess hmm I can rotate by sharp for
this I kind of I think by shop for this
because of the pretty big a dark side
producing teams having my team which is
that that's nice and he has a girl
venture so I don't lead with by sharp
because I'm assuming he's gonna leave
with the gal vangelis set with sticky
webs and even could do that if he could
do that for me there'll be a absolute
greatest thing you can do because my by
sharp has this ability where one stat
lowers his attack goes up so I would be
great for that would be great and I
could start a bunch for days but um what
should we leave with here actually do I
want to do tar I don't take too dark
types I'm gonna take the ABS all Oh
actually be dusk over the sticky web
like it just matching bounce right back
it onto his side of the field wouldn't
that be amazing okay I'm gonna take the
apps all I'm gonna say goodbye shop as
well but that does leave us with a
massive weakness to fighting so I also
want to take the dragonite just because
I I don't like having about oh I shucks
a dusclops what the hell am I talking
about I've got this massive weakness of
fighting so I'm not gonna take the ghost
type that will be stupid white I have no
idea what i was thinking there but
whatever gonna get out this bow right
now I'm gonna see how it goes you see
what you leave with
hopefully if I predict my predictions
are correct in my predictions are
correctly with a gal bantul but of
course you know everyone does everyone
does stuff they're different way
everyone has their own battle styles and
play styles would you leave it's gonna
be the frost last okay that's kind of
interesting that's kind of interesting
so what I'm gonna do now is I'm just
gonna make a vault and go for the go
over the sucker punch because if I'm
mega ball she can't do anything to me
pretty much you can paralyze me she
can't do any of that except magic
balance and I'm pretty safe just going
for a second bunch if you want to attack
me they'll be fine I don't care I don't
care I nobody care no one cares don't
cares at all all right let's see like
this mega all this beautiful being this
beautiful being always is so much jesty
he's got like angel wings and everything
there's a sucker punch we are gonna get
the sucker punch off and I'm assuming
this thing's gonna be focused at you're
just gonna die Eddie's focus ash there
is a bogus ash so you are going to
attack me that's nice that's great
that's great i'm happy for you gonna go
for the ice beam and unfortunately mega
absol is super frail so we might know
wow we barely took that we barely took
that i'm gonna go for another sucker
punch you might switch out here actually
you can switch out here that that would
actually be a decent move to switch out
because i'm super predictable maybe i
should have went for the sucker punch
you are oh wow while is a predictable I
always speed anyway where was I anyway I
Oh speed anyway what was I thinking I've
no idea what I was doing and you gotta
get the intimidate off all right okay I
can see what you're doing here I can see
what you're doing you I have no problems
seeing what you're doing here um you
might go for oh ok alright alright
alright alright how hold on let me see I
want to see how fast horses I will see
how fast tauros is because this could
actually be a problem cuz I don't want
to just switch into my dragonite
assuming earthquakes they'll be kind of
still lb lb moves to because we get hit
by it's a hundred and ten base BTW you
serious riddle oh my lord ok ok I can
outspeed it thankfully I can I'll speed
it but I'm just gonna have to go for the
fire blast and hopefully we can get some
damage off when I made me burn it we can
burn that thing that'd be great it's not
choice scarf because it's did not speed
okay we're gonna get a little bit of
damage off on this thing not too much oh
it to get the bird we get the burn any
good oh yes are you serious right now
you're serious right now yes Mossad I'm
so Eddie has life orb so we didn't even
have
toxic or he knew he was gonna get burned
their the max series too strong the
match series far too strong I can't risk
this no no no I can't risk I cannot risk
us at all I'm gonna go into by shopping
I'm gonna go for a sucker punch I can I
legit can i'll risk this oh my God look
at this look at this nice blue ranger
here does a nice bar char but he's nice
and blue icing blue nice and blue all
right let's just go for the circle punch
i legit cannot risk this no way no way
am i doing that Wow yes facade useful
salt on the turn that we got burned as a
lie for this is too powerful it's rigged
does he predict another sucker punch
though is he gonna switch out he's
nothing ridiculous like much this should
kill go on stab boosted light for
burster like almost thought I didn't
kill I thought that didn't kill for a
second there for split second I was
really scared okay so we're gonna get
that light bulb damage because I am life
or if you didn't know if I didn't make
that abundantly clear I'm libor and are
you gonna switch into the what is it
easily frost last okay I'm okay with
this I almost want to go further to
sucker-punch but I kind of predict him
to nah I kind of predict them to predict
that because they know I have it now so
I'm just gonna go for the knock off and
see what you want to do what you gonna
go for please tell me you're gonna
withdraw so the knock-up is perfectly
use oh this is perfect he thought I was
gonna go for a second bunch didn't you
like this look at the button knock up
but knock you in a better smack you in
the mouth right now Oh what we killing
one hit oh my god this bike shop is too
good this is all it has the expert bell
TV series oh my god this this bike shop
is too good this bit sharp is too good
it's too good too powerful to power to
power alright so gonna come back into
your frost last now and I don't think
any anything matters right now I don't
think anything matters I could just go
for the sucker punch to guarantee mmm
you're gonna have to hit me at one point
earlier you're gonna have to hit me one
point something's gonna go for the stock
up on chickens oh you forfeited there's
so many people for fitting right now I
have no idea but that was it that was an
intense battle when I saw the burn in
the facade I was like I'm so Donna you
serious he predicted to get burned he
predicted to get burned I unless he
didn't I don't know I really don't know
what happened there why would use facade
why would you saw it I don't know if you
didn't have a toxic hope I don't know
the match theory behind that if you know
the match clear behind that please
explain that to me in the comment
section below but if you haven't already
please leave me suggestions for future
seems it likes to use on the series and
comes with a blow as well and please hit
the like button uh be absolutely amazing
we'd have that like goal and if you made
this far in the video thanks so much for
watching I'll see you guys next time